src/SUMMARY.md, before:

- [Compiler]()
    - [Intrinsic and builtin function](compiler/chap_1.md)
    - [Nested Functions in C](compiler/chap_2.md)
    - [Statement Expression](compiler/chap_3.md)
    - [#pragma once](compiler/chap_4.md)
    - [Inline Assembly](compiler/chap_5.md)
    - [attribute]()
        - [About attribute](compiler/attribute/chap_1.md)
        - [aligned](compiler/attribute/chap_2.md)
        - [cleanup](compiler/attribute/chap_3.md)
        - [constructor & destructor](compiler/attribute/chap_4.md)
        - [deprecated](compiler/attribute/chap_5.md)
        - [Lifetime bounds](compiler/attribute/chap_6.md)
        - [malloc like](compiler/attribute/chap_7.md)
        - [packed](compiler/attribute/chap_8.md)
        - [diagnose_if (clang only)](compiler/attribute/chap_9.md)
        - [optimize](compiler/attribute/chap_10.md)
        - [maybe_unused](compiler/attribute/chap_11.md)
    - [C++ Standard Library]()
        - [libstdc++](compiler/stl/chap_1.md)
        - [libc++](compiler/stl/chap_2.md)
        - [MSVC C++ library](compiler/stl/chap_3.md)
    - [CodeCoverage]()
        - [gcov/lcov](compiler/codecoverage/chap_1.md)
        - [SanitizerCoverage (clang only)](compiler/codecoverage/chap_2.md)
    - [CrossCompile]()
        - [WebAssembly]()
            - [Emscripten](compiler/crosscompile/wasm/chap_1.md)
            - [Native clang compilation](compiler/crosscompile/wasm/chap_2.md)
    - [Heterogeneouscomputing]()
        - [OpenMP](compiler/heterogeneouscomputing/chap_1.md)
        - [OpenACC (gcc only)](compiler/heterogeneouscomputing/chap_2.nd)
    - [clang]()
        - [dump ast tree](compiler/clang/chap_1.md)
        - [llvm](compiler/clang/chap_2.md)
        - [Switch standard library implmentation](compiler/clang/chap_3.md)
        - [Thread Safety Analysis](compiler/clang/chap_4.md)
        - [SafeBuffer](compiler/clang/chap_5.md)
        - [Dump struct](compiler/clang/chap_6.md)
    - [gcc]()
        - [spec](compiler/gcc/chap_1.md)
    - [MSVC]()
        - [permissive](compiler/msvc/chap_1.md)
        - [Runtime Error Check](compiler/msvc/chap_2.md)
        - [Code analysis](compiler/msvc/chap_3.md)
    - [Useful command]()
        - [-ffast-math](compiler/cmd/chap_1.md)
        - [About Debug Symbol](compiler/cmd/chap_2.md)
        - [About Optimization](compiler/cmd/chap_3.md)
        - [About signed integer overflow](compiler/cmd/chap_4.md)
        - [Choose CPU Architecture](compiler/cmd/chap_5.md)
        - [Compile-time Standard version switch](compiler/cmd/chap_6.md)
        - [exceptions switch](compiler/cmd/chap_7.md)
        - [Include Path Directory](compiler/cmd/chap_8.md)
        - [Initializes trivial automatic variables](compiler/cmd/chap_9.md)
        - [Link time optimization](compiler/cmd/chap_10.md)
        - [RTTI switch](compiler/cmd/chap_11.md)
        - [static](compiler/cmd/chap_12.md)
        - [static analyzer](compiler/cmd/chap_13.md)
        - [sysroot](compiler/cmd/chap_14.md)
        - [time-trace](compiler/cmd/chap_15.md)
        - [visibility](ompiler/cmd/chap_16.md)
        - [stack-protector](ompiler/cmd/chap_17.md)
        - [no-access-control](ompiler/cmd/chap_18.md)
        - [About diagnostic](compiler/cmd/diag/about)
            - [-Wall](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_1.md)
            - [-Wextra](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_2.md)
            - [-pedantic or -Wpedantic](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_3.md)
            - [-Werror](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_4.md)
            - [-Weverything (clang only)](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_5.md)
            - [-Wbad-function-cast](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_6.md)
            - [-Wformat=2](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_7.md)
            - [-Wlogical-op (gcc only)](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_8.md)
            - [-Wnon-virtual-dtor](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_9.md)
            - [-Wold-style-definition](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_10.md)
            - [-Woverloaded-virtual](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_11.md)
            - [-Wpointer-arith](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_12.md)
            - [-Wreturn-type](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_13.md)
            - [-Wshadow](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_14.md)
            - [-Wstrict-prototypes](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_15.md)
            - [-Wundef](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_16.md)
            - [-Wuninitialized](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_17.md)
            - [-Wvla](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_18.md)
            - [-Wwrite-strings](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_19.md)
            - [About cast](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_20.md)
            - [About conversion](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_21.md)
            - [About disable specific warning in codes](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_22.md)
            - [About floating number](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_23.md)
            - [About MSVC](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_24.md)
            - [About switch](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_25.md)
            - [Disable some kind of warning](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_26.md)
            - [About Dangling](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_27.md)
            - [-Wunsafe-buffer-usage (clang only)](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_28.md)
            - [About diagnostics output (gcc only)](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_29.md)
            - [-Wunterminated-string-initialization (gcc only)](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_30.md)
- [cmake]()
    - [Compilation Database](cmake/cmake_1.md)
    - [Difference between  FILE_SET and target_include_directories](cmake/cmake_2.md)
    - [Precompiled headers](cmake/cmake_3.md)
    - [Target](cmake/cmake_4.md)
    - [Unity build](cmake/cmake_5.md)
    - [CUDA](cmake/cmake_6.md)
    - [Real Example]()
        - [Step1, Initialization](cmake/example/example1.md)
        - [Step2. generate config.h and custom inclusion path](cmake/example/example2.md)
        - [Step3.  add_subdirectory](cmake/example/example3.md)
        - [Step4. Install Library](cmake/example/example4.md)
        - [Step5. FetchContent](cmake/example/example5.md)
        - [Step6. C++20 module's world](cmake/example/example6.md)
- [debugger]()
    - [gdb]()
        - [About Python](debugger/gdb/chap_1.md)
        - [Custom Pretty Printers](debugger/gdb/chap_2.md)
        - [Remote Debug](debugger/gdb/chap_3.md)
        - [strip debug symbol from executable (linux)](debugger/gdb/chap_4.md)
        - [Text UI Mode](debugger/gdb/chap_5.md)
- [libc]()
    - [glibc](libc/chap_1.md)
    - [musl](libc/chap_2.md)
    - [Cosmopolitan Libc](libc/chap_3.md)
- [Sanitizer]()
    - [AddressSanitizer](sanitizer/chap_1.md)
    - [UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer](sanitizer/chap_2.md)
    - [Thread Sanitizer](sanitizer/chap_3.md)
- [Tools]()
    - [ccache](tools/chap_1.md)
    - [linter](tools/chap_2.md)
    - [CppSafe](tools/chap_3.md)
    - [Bear/compiledb](tools/chap_4.md)
- [SUMMARY](SUMMARY.md)

Commit message:

Append temporaries liftime in for loop section

src/SUMMARY.md, after:

- [Compiler]()
    - [Intrinsic and builtin function](compiler/chap_1.md)
    - [Nested Functions in C](compiler/chap_2.md)
    - [Statement Expression](compiler/chap_3.md)
    - [#pragma once](compiler/chap_4.md)
    - [Inline Assembly](compiler/chap_5.md)
    - [attribute]()
        - [About attribute](compiler/attribute/chap_1.md)
        - [aligned](compiler/attribute/chap_2.md)
        - [cleanup](compiler/attribute/chap_3.md)
        - [constructor & destructor](compiler/attribute/chap_4.md)
        - [deprecated](compiler/attribute/chap_5.md)
        - [Lifetime bounds](compiler/attribute/chap_6.md)
        - [malloc like](compiler/attribute/chap_7.md)
        - [packed](compiler/attribute/chap_8.md)
        - [diagnose_if (clang only)](compiler/attribute/chap_9.md)
        - [optimize](compiler/attribute/chap_10.md)
        - [maybe_unused](compiler/attribute/chap_11.md)
    - [C++ Standard Library]()
        - [libstdc++](compiler/stl/chap_1.md)
        - [libc++](compiler/stl/chap_2.md)
        - [MSVC C++ library](compiler/stl/chap_3.md)
    - [CodeCoverage]()
        - [gcov/lcov](compiler/codecoverage/chap_1.md)
        - [SanitizerCoverage (clang only)](compiler/codecoverage/chap_2.md)
    - [CrossCompile]()
        - [WebAssembly]()
            - [Emscripten](compiler/crosscompile/wasm/chap_1.md)
            - [Native clang compilation](compiler/crosscompile/wasm/chap_2.md)
    - [Heterogeneouscomputing]()
        - [OpenMP](compiler/heterogeneouscomputing/chap_1.md)
        - [OpenACC (gcc only)](compiler/heterogeneouscomputing/chap_2.nd)
    - [clang]()
        - [dump ast tree](compiler/clang/chap_1.md)
        - [llvm](compiler/clang/chap_2.md)
        - [Switch standard library implmentation](compiler/clang/chap_3.md)
        - [Thread Safety Analysis](compiler/clang/chap_4.md)
        - [SafeBuffer](compiler/clang/chap_5.md)
        - [Dump struct](compiler/clang/chap_6.md)
    - [gcc]()
        - [spec](compiler/gcc/chap_1.md)
    - [MSVC]()
        - [permissive](compiler/msvc/chap_1.md)
        - [Runtime Error Check](compiler/msvc/chap_2.md)
        - [Code analysis](compiler/msvc/chap_3.md)
    - [Useful command]()
        - [-ffast-math](compiler/cmd/chap_1.md)
        - [About Debug Symbol](compiler/cmd/chap_2.md)
        - [About Optimization](compiler/cmd/chap_3.md)
        - [About signed integer overflow](compiler/cmd/chap_4.md)
        - [Choose CPU Architecture](compiler/cmd/chap_5.md)
        - [Compile-time Standard version switch](compiler/cmd/chap_6.md)
        - [exceptions switch](compiler/cmd/chap_7.md)
        - [Include Path Directory](compiler/cmd/chap_8.md)
        - [Initializes trivial automatic variables](compiler/cmd/chap_9.md)
        - [Link time optimization](compiler/cmd/chap_10.md)
        - [RTTI switch](compiler/cmd/chap_11.md)
        - [static](compiler/cmd/chap_12.md)
        - [static analyzer](compiler/cmd/chap_13.md)
        - [sysroot](compiler/cmd/chap_14.md)
        - [time-trace](compiler/cmd/chap_15.md)
        - [visibility](compiler/cmd/chap_16.md)
        - [stack-protector](compiler/cmd/chap_17.md)
        - [no-access-control](compiler/cmd/chap_18.md)
        - [temporaries liftime in for loop (gcc only)](compiler/cmd/chap_19.md)
        - [About diagnostic](compiler/cmd/diag/about)
            - [-Wall](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_1.md)
            - [-Wextra](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_2.md)
            - [-pedantic or -Wpedantic](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_3.md)
            - [-Werror](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_4.md)
            - [-Weverything (clang only)](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_5.md)
            - [-Wbad-function-cast](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_6.md)
            - [-Wformat=2](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_7.md)
            - [-Wlogical-op (gcc only)](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_8.md)
            - [-Wnon-virtual-dtor](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_9.md)
            - [-Wold-style-definition](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_10.md)
            - [-Woverloaded-virtual](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_11.md)
            - [-Wpointer-arith](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_12.md)
            - [-Wreturn-type](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_13.md)
            - [-Wshadow](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_14.md)
            - [-Wstrict-prototypes](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_15.md)
            - [-Wundef](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_16.md)
            - [-Wuninitialized](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_17.md)
            - [-Wvla](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_18.md)
            - [-Wwrite-strings](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_19.md)
            - [About cast](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_20.md)
            - [About conversion](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_21.md)
            - [About disable specific warning in codes](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_22.md)
            - [About floating number](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_23.md)
            - [About MSVC](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_24.md)
            - [About switch](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_25.md)
            - [Disable some kind of warning](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_26.md)
            - [About Dangling](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_27.md)
            - [-Wunsafe-buffer-usage (clang only)](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_28.md)
            - [About diagnostics output (gcc only)](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_29.md)
            - [-Wunterminated-string-initialization (gcc only)](compiler/cmd/diag/chap_30.md)
- [cmake]()
    - [Compilation Database](cmake/cmake_1.md)
    - [Difference between  FILE_SET and target_include_directories](cmake/cmake_2.md)
    - [Precompiled headers](cmake/cmake_3.md)
    - [Target](cmake/cmake_4.md)
    - [Unity build](cmake/cmake_5.md)
    - [CUDA](cmake/cmake_6.md)
    - [Real Example]()
        - [Step1, Initialization](cmake/example/example1.md)
        - [Step2. generate config.h and custom inclusion path](cmake/example/example2.md)
        - [Step3.  add_subdirectory](cmake/example/example3.md)
        - [Step4. Install Library](cmake/example/example4.md)
        - [Step5. FetchContent](cmake/example/example5.md)
        - [Step6. C++20 module's world](cmake/example/example6.md)
- [debugger]()
    - [gdb]()
        - [About Python](debugger/gdb/chap_1.md)
        - [Custom Pretty Printers](debugger/gdb/chap_2.md)
        - [Remote Debug](debugger/gdb/chap_3.md)
        - [strip debug symbol from executable (linux)](debugger/gdb/chap_4.md)
        - [Text UI Mode](debugger/gdb/chap_5.md)
- [libc]()
    - [glibc](libc/chap_1.md)
    - [musl](libc/chap_2.md)
    - [Cosmopolitan Libc](libc/chap_3.md)
- [Sanitizer]()
    - [AddressSanitizer](sanitizer/chap_1.md)
    - [UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer](sanitizer/chap_2.md)
    - [Thread Sanitizer](sanitizer/chap_3.md)
- [Tools]()
    - [ccache](tools/chap_1.md)
    - [linter](tools/chap_2.md)
    - [CppSafe](tools/chap_3.md)
    - [Bear/compiledb](tools/chap_4.md)
- [SUMMARY](SUMMARY.md)
